feat: add explicit includes option to sqlOpenAPI and sqlMapper (#1975)
platformatic/platformatic: docs/reference/db/configuration.md

    }
  }
  ```

> - **`include`** (`object`) — Key/value object that defines which database tables should be mapped as API entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`include`** (`object`) — Key/value object that defines which entities should be exposed
```

  _Examples_

  ```json
  {
    "db": {
      ...
      "include": {

>         "version": true // "versions" table will be the only entity mapped with REST APIs

Reviewer: please remove the comment
